In this compressed WINZIP folder you will find the MICS3 datasets for the selected country. 

Four SPSS data files were produced, corresponding to the four main units of analysis: 
Households - hh.sav 
Household members - hl.sav
Women in reproductive age (15-49 years of age) – wm.sav
Mother’s or primary caretaker’s of children under the age of five. – ch.sav

The characteristics of the data such as year of the survey, sample sizes, weights, dictionary of 
variables, variable labels, codes and information on recoded or imputed variables can be found 
within the survey archive which is available on http://www.childinfo.org/mics3_surveys.html. 
The survey archive also contains the questionnaires and information on the sampling and 
implementation of the survey.  

Notes on the Viet Nam datasets: 

1.	In this survey, non-responding households were substituted with other households. The 
substitute households which are included in the data sets are shown with a variable called 
“replace”, where 1 = substitute household (or household members, women or under-5 
children interviewed in the substitute households)
2.	Please note that substitution is not a recommended practice in MICS surveys. Please refer 
to the Global MICS Manual.
3.	The women’s (wm.sav) and under-5s (ch.sav) data sets only include data on the 
completed interviews. This is also not recommended MICS practice. However, basic 
demographic and background information on the women and under-5s whose interviews 
were not completed and are therefore absent from the wm.sav and ch.sav data sets, can be 
found in hl.sav data file (Household listing).

Access Conditions: 

Survey datasets are distributed at no cost for legitimate research, with the condition that we 
receive a description of the research objectives that will be using the data prior to authorizing 
their distribution.

Copies of all reports and publications based on the requested data must be sent to the General 
Statistics Office and UNICEF.

General Statistics Office
Social and Environmental Statistics Department
Tel: (+844) 8439871; (+844) 8464348
Email: xahoimoitruong@gso.gov.vn; nphong@gso.gov.vn; ndchung@gso.gov.vn

United Nations Children's Fund
Viet Nam Country Office
81A Tran Quoc Toan, 
Hanoi, Vietnam
Tel: (+844) 9425706 - 11 
Fax: (+844) 9425705
Email: hanoi.registry@unicef.org
